a. As a "rule of thumb", how much homework time could one expect to spend 
outside class and lab time?

Answer: For every hour of class expect three additional hours of work outside of class.

b. What is the test make up policy? And the quiz make up policy?

Answer: Makeup tests are very rarely given. There are no make up quizes.

c. How many files will you submit to blackboard for each assignment?

Answer: You will submit one zipped folder containing folders of all the problems and programs required for the  homework assignment.

d. You can name your homework files anything that makes sense. True or 
False?

Answer: False, you must use the file/ folder names provided with each homework.

e. Each program should be in a separate folder, even though it may have 
only one file.   True or False?

Answer: True

f. May one turn in part of the assignment on time and the rest late? 

Answer: No either the whole assignment is turned in on time or it is all late. You may only submit the assignment once.

g. What is the late penalty for a hw marked “late” by blackboard? 

Answer: 30% off the grade given by the TA.

h. What is your grader's name?  (look under blackboard "see my grades" 
icon)

Answer: Saurav

i. List at least 5 hints for success in the course provided by the instructor in 
the course website.

Answer: 1. Get organized
	2. Follow the directions carefully
	3. Be ready for class
	4. Program, program, program
	5. Study every night and not the night before the test.

j. What should you do if you miss lecture and want to know what was 
covered?

Answer: Check blackboard and contact your class buddy(s)

k. What is the date of the first quiz?

Answer: Thursday January 24

l. Homework may be emailed to the TA if the drop box is closed.  True or 
False?

Answer: False

m. How many late coupons does each student get?

Answer: 2 coupons

n. Where (specifically) are the installation instructions for putting the course 
software on your machine?

Answer: on blackboard under the software tools link under install Java.

o. Where (specifically) are the installation instructions for downloading a file 
from the CEMS (“M”) storage to your home computer.  (What software is 
recommended to install on your home machine for this purpose?)

Answer: on blackboard under the software tools link under computer software setup.
